RFC0014 - Arrays and varargs (#119)
Draco-lang/Language-suggestions: Specification/ExpressionsAndBuiltins.md

| **Operator** | **Description** | **Associativity** | **Notes** |
|---|---|:-:|---|
| expr(args) <br/> expr[indices] <br/> expr.member | Function call <br/> Indexing <br/> Member access | - |  |

> | +expr <br/> -expr <br/> ...array | Positive <br/> Negative <br/> Splat operator |  - | The splat operator allows passing array as individual elements into vararg parameter |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| +expr <br/> -expr <br/> ...array | Positive <br/> Negative <br/> Splat operator |  - | The splat operator allows passing collections (currently only arrays) as individual elements into a variadic argument list. |
```
